Previously on The Summer
I Turned Pretty...
I couldn't be alone with her. I
wouldn't be able to keep it in.
Keep what in?
That I loved her.
We just got to keep
doing what we're doing.
-They'll come around.
-It's been two weeks. Jere.
Which leaves us six
weeks until the wedding.
But it's gonna take
more than coffee runs
to get your dad on
board with this wedding.
I found the dress. but
my mom didn't come.
I won't be a part of it. I
will not be at the wedding.
Fine. then I will leave
so you don't have to watch
me do anything anymore!
Conrad?
Uh. are you guys just
here for the weekend?
I was thinking of staying
here for a little while.
So are you gonna be
my best man or not?
Wow. really?
I'll be back before
you know it. I promise.
How are we supposed to do
this without both of our moms?
Your mom owes.
like. ten grand.
I'm not going to
New York anymore.
I heard Jere has a
second best man now.
-Happy belated birthday.
-Thank you.
Of course.
What have I done?
♪ These arms of mine ♪
♪ they are lonely ♪
♪ Lonely and feeling blue ♪
♪ These arms of mine ♪
♪ they are yearning ♪
♪ Yearning from wanting you ♪
♪ And if you ♪
♪ would let them hold you ♪♪
It's been a week. and I can't
stop replaying it in my mind.
What it felt like to be
that close to her again.
It was like being hit by
a fucking thunderbolt.
It's a lot easier when I
don't have to look at her.
Hey.
Morning.
-Hey.
-What are you doing up there?
-I was just... Oh.
-Shit. Sorry.
No. it's all. it's all
good. It's all good.
-I have another one. Thank you.
-Okay.
I'm gonna...
Hey. Dad. what's going on?
Con. how are things
out at the house?
Good. Yeah. I'm doing some work
on the roof right now. What's up?
Whoa. what work on the roof?
Do you want me to call
someone out there. or...
No. I got it. Dad.
O-Okay. All right.
Look. I just want
to check in with you
on the whole Belly-Jere
wedding situation.
Have either of them
said anything to you?
No. it's not really my business.
But we both agree
it's a little absurd.
I don't know if I'd say absurd.
Dad. I mean. they love each other.
Connie. you can't possibly
think this is a good idea.
It doesn't matter if I think it's a good
idea. or you think it's a good idea.
It's their decision.
You really don't think there's
anything I can do to put a stop to it?
You'll lose him if you try.
Like I lost you?
I used to want to
be just like him.
Football. school...
I worked really hard to be
someone he could be proud of.
He was my hero.
Until I found out
who he really was.
Conrad?
Yeah. I got to go. Dad.
I just have to stay away
from her until the wedding.
And then she'll be my brother's wife
and I won't think of her that way again.
Hey. hey. Um. sorry.
I-I didn't know my dad was coming to
the office today because of the Fourth.
but he's here. so. I need to
be here for at least an hour.
Are you serious? I woke up before
dawn so we could beat holiday traffic.
Should've made your
ass take the bus.
Steven's not coming.
He's on his way to New
York for the weekend.
Okay. Like I care where he is.
Sorry you wasted
a cute outfit.
Okay. you can still take that
bus. You want to take the bus?
Hey. I'm very appreciative.
-Okay?
-Well. I'm doing it
for your girl's happiness. so...
Have you talked with her?
Is she freaking out?
Budgeting is so stressful.
I never thought I'd hear a
Fisher boy talk about budgets.
This is fun.
Um. look. she has a lot
on her plate right now.
but she'll be okay
once we get to Cousins.
But also. you're our bitch this
weekend. so I hope you know that.
You said Steven left town.
you said he was in New York.
Well. I guess he heard
my dad was in the office.
Who's the Shiv Roy wannabe?
Uh... Denise.
She and Steven are always fighting
over who's the alpha at the office.
Well. we both know it's not you.
That's Taylor.
Okay. yeah. I'm gonna get far. far
away from whatever this is about to be.
Uh... wh-what are
you doing here?
Uh. she's giving me
a ride to Cousins.
I'll text you later.
Okay. I'll be at Dunkin'.
All right.
So. you're. uh...
you're going to Cousins?
Yeah. Belly and I are gonna knock
out a bunch of wedding planning.
Nice. Nice.
Um. how have you...
how have you been?
Um. I've been good.
-Okay.
-Been good.
And. um. thanks for
helping out with my mom.
How'd you do it?
I mean. you know. how'd
you come up with the money?
OnlyFans. duh.
Oh.
-Uh...
-I'm joking.
Oh. I-I would've supported you.
Either way. I-I'm a fan.
Not your OnlyF...
Um...
You used the money you had
saved for New York. didn't you?
Speak of the devil.
Um...
See you at Belly's
bridal shower?
God. yeah. Do I have to?
Don't be a dick.
I'm not a dick.
Hey. Are you guys on the road?
Okay. don't kill me.
but I can't make it to
Cousins this weekend.
Taylor. I need you. I
don't know what I'm doing.
I know. I know. I'm so sorry.
Our salon inspection
got moved to today.
My mom said that she'd be
fine doing it on her own.
but there's just...
there's no way.
My name is on that
application with her.
It's okay.
Don't worry about me.
I'm really sorry.
I pr... I promise.
I will make your
shower extra amazing.
Um. oh. that reminds me.
Steven's in for the shower.
Are you sure you're cool
with him being there?
Yeah. I mean.
he's your brother
and the co-best man.
I'm your maid of honor. Like.
we're gonna have to interface.
Wait. if Steven and I are out
does that mean it's just you.
Conrad and Jeremiah for the Fourth?
Yeah. Yeah. I guess so.
Mm.
How has it been with Conrad?
Uh...
I've barely seen him all week.
I've been taking every phone
banking shift I can get. and...
he's doing a bunch of stuff around
the house to help out for the wedding.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Weird.
When is he leaving?
Uh. he hasn't said.
Huh.
Hold on. I-I got to go.
My mom is blowing me up.
Call me if you need anything.
Okay. Bye.
-Hey. future brother-in-law.
-Oh.
-You scared me.
-Sorry.
You seem really busy out there.
Yeah. I. um...
Is that your breakfast?
Yes.
And it's the last one. sorry.
No. I...
It's just. I left...
cereal out and there's
fruit in the fruit bowl.
Yes. Um...
I just didn't want to
take any of your stuff
-without asking.
-Why didn't you ask. then?
Um...
Haven't really had a chance to.
You've been so busy with
all this house stuff.
-Which we really appreciate. by the way.
-Yeah.
I mean. I just. I never
knew you were so handy.
I mean. I guess I
shouldn't be surprised.
You always used to take things
apart to figure out how they worked.
Um. I'm not really doing much.
And I'm probably fucking the house
up worse than it already was. so...
Somehow I doubt that.
So. uh. when do you have
to head back to California?
I mean. it kind of sucks that
you can't stay till the wedding.
Yeah. it's just. you know. my
job needs me back. I got to...
Right. Yeah. Jere was
telling me about it.
You must be so excited.
Yeah.
I got to get back
to the roof. but...
whatever I buy. you can have.
Okay.
Dude. when is your
dad going to leave?
I don't know. Steven. Ask him.
Wait. aren't you
supposed to leave soon?
Yeah. the train to Cousins
leaves in. like. 45 minutes.
That's plenty of time.
Oh. my God. you're
the kind of person
who shows up at the airport when
the boarding starts. aren't you?
What? And you're the kind of person
that gets there two hours early?
The rule is two for domestic.
three for international. so...
Oh. my...
-You are such an Airport Dad.
-Okay. and?
Never been late
for a flight. so...
Mm. I'm hungry.
This whole workplace rivalry thing you got
going on with Big D is kind of sexy. huh?
No. you're-you're insane. No.
-Insane?
-Yes.
Come on. she's pretty.
she's into you.
-How do you not see that?
-Because there's...
there's nothing to see.
No. No. No.
Hmm.
Wonder why.
I don't like what
you're implying.
Hmm.
Yeah. no. Look. Taylor
and me are just...
just friends now. Okay?
Never said anything
about Taylor. but...
Why don't you ask
Denise out. then?
Dude.
I knew it was bullshit.
What's bullshit?
Oh. oh. you know.
Steven over here...
This. uh. this deal
with StarcadeX.
Oh. yeah.
It's moronic.
At least we tried to tell them.
Yeah. well. it's not our
fault no one listens to us.
I don't know. maybe old age
has made their hearing suffer...
Adam! I love that shirt.
It's so crisp. Wow.
I know everyone's leaving. but I
need one of you to do one last thing.
-Yeah. of course.
-Got it.
All right. check Slack.
Shouldn't take long.
Okay. well. he wants eyes on
the most recent revenue report.
Oh. for. what else?
StarcadeX.
All right. Sounds simple
enough. You got this?
Oh. I'm sorry. You're
turning down extra work?
Uh. yeah. I got places to be.
Okay. so do I.
Oh. my God. I hate you.
Fine. I will do it.
No. I... Well. now
I feel bad. Come on.
Okay. Hey. guys.
listen. I got it.
Accounting's already been
through it twice. Just go.
Um...
-You sure?
-Yeah. yeah.
I'll-I'll just. uh. I'll
take the later train.
And I'm...
I'm trying to get on
his good side. so...
you would be doing me a favor.
Okay. Fine.
But Fisher. if this takes
you longer than an hour.
you're doing something wrong.
Aye aye. Captain.
Call me if there's an issue.
No. I'm good.
Hey. uh. Conrad?
-Yeah.
-Have you seen the car keys?
I need to...
I was about to head out.
Uh. can I come with you?
'Cause I just have to pick up
a few things for the wedding.
and Taylor was supposed to come.
and now she's not. and
Jere's held up at work. so...
Uh. I mean. I'll
be really quick.
You can just take
it when I get back.
You... can't just
give me a ride?
Uh...
Never mind. it's cool.
I'll take my bike.
Shit.
When Belly needs
help with something.
my first thought has historically
been. "How do I fix it?"
Wait! Wait up!
Wait for me!
Conrad!
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh...
-Conrad!
-Come on. Conrad. Let's just go.
She's too slow.
Guys. let's just wait for
her for a minute. okay?
-No.
-Just come on. Conrad.
See you.
Here. come here. You
can ride my bike.
No. it's fine.
No. really. you can.
I believe in you.
-You sure?
-I'm sure.
You'll get there a lot quicker.
and I can just jog behind you.
Okay.
♪ Now it's much
too late for me...
Promise you won't let go?
Promise.
♪ Oh. baby. give me
one more chance ♪
♪ to show you that I love you ♪
♪ Won't you please let
me back in your heart? ♪
♪ Oh. darlin'. I was
blind to let you go ♪
♪ Let you go. baby ♪
♪ But now since I see
you in his arms...
You can let go now.
♪ Yes. I do now ♪
♪ I want you back ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Spare me of this 'cause ♪
♪ Give me back what I lost ♪
♪ Oh. baby. I need
one more chance ♪
♪ Ha! I tell you
that I love you ♪
-♪ Baby. baby ♪
-♪ Hey. hey...
Hey. Belly.
♪ Oh. I want you back ♪♪
Wait...
It's not my job to
help her anymore.
Do you mind?
Whatever.
Okay. sir. can you please not
put your head on my shoulder?
Thank you. Thank you.
Denise?
-Conklin.
-Hi.
Where. uh. where you headed?
New York.
Oh. cool. Me. too.
Uh. this train will be
delayed until further notice.
Oh. my God. We're
already an hour late.
Okay. what's. uh.
what's in New York?
Don't worry about it.
Okay. cool.
Shit. I'm not getting a signal.
Have you heard
anything from Jere?
No. I'm sure he's
fine. though.
You shouldn't have left him.
Okay. you left him. too.
So...
Okay. we shouldn't
have left him.
"We." I just wanted to make sure.
'cause you said. "you." first.
-Oh. my God.
-"You shouldn't have left him."
-so I just...
-Whatever.
Okay. cool.
Billy Joel picked that
cake for his 70th.
-Wow.
-I know.
We have a really
exclusive client base.
Who are you shopping for?
-Myself.
-Mm.
I was just wondering. could
you guys do mirror glaze cakes?
Of course.
Good.
My boyfriend had his heart set on.
like. a two-tier dark chocolate cake
with a raspberry coulis filling
and a mirror glaze on top.
How dark do you want
the cacao? 70%. 80%?
70%. probably.
And how many people is it for?
Not that many. We only
invited. like. 30 people
to the wedding. so how
much would that be?
With the mirror glaze
up-charge and delivery.
$750.
I meant birthday.
It's a birthday.
I don't know why I said.
"wedding." It's a birthday.
Uh. how much would
that be for. like a...
750.
Right. Yes.
Thank you.
I... I just have to. really
quickly. I got to talk to...
my friend about it.
Take your time.
Thanks.
It's a great store.
You know what? How much
for the chocolate cupcakes?
I'd have figured you'd
hightailed it to Cousins already.
Yeah. I was gonna get out of
here as soon as I finished.
but. um...
...the numbers aren't adding up.
And I was trying every formula.
-but I-I just. I can't...
-All right. It's okay.
Let me see it.
It's not your fault.
Denise should've taken care
of this before she left.
Yeah. Yeah.
God damn it.
Come on. I'll give you a ride.
You're busy.
remember? I'll bike.
You're not gonna be able
to with all that stuff.
Well. it's too much trouble. The
bike's not gonna fit in the car.
The seats are down.
Okay. fine. I'll drive.
Take the bags.
I'll take the bike.
Okay.
These for the
wedding invitations?
Yeah.
Taylor said I have to
get them hand canceled.
Whatever that means.
Canceling is when the post
office marks the stamp
so it can't be used again.
And doing it by hand...
keeps the envelope
from getting damaged.
How do you know that?
I used to collect
stamps. remember?
Oh. yeah. I forgot about that.
You were so intense about them.
Remember when Jere stole
one to send a postcard.
and you were so
mad that you cried?
That was an unmounted mint
George Washington red. It...
It's a very rare stamp.
God. I was a geek.
No. you were not.
I was.
I collected stamps.
I had a vintage
encyclopedia obsession.
In middle school. I even
moderated a Ring-bearer subreddit.
A what?
It's a Lord of the Rings thing.
Okay. yeah. No. you definitely
were a geek. I take it back.
Yeah. I...
Um. are you cool if
we make one more stop?
Just say no.
You can do it.
Just like ten minutes. tops.
Please?
Yeah. no problem.
Yay. Okay. thanks.
Weakling.
Welcome.
Hi.
Wow. those are gorgeous.
They're for a
wedding this weekend.
So. what can I do for you?
Um. I'm having an event.
Okay. can you tell me more
about the vibe of your event?
It's nothing fancy.
Just a party on the beach.
How about orchids?
We get them flown in
weekly from Hawaii.
That might be a bit
out of our budget.
What is your budget?
Small. Very. very small.
What about peonies? Are
they super expensive?
Oh. I love peonies.
My mom had them in her
bouquet when she got married.
Oh. so it's a wedding.
Mm.
-Sorry.
-Uh.
yeah. a very small.
very casual wedding.
Well. I'm gonna need a few more details
before I can give you a proper estimate.
Yeah. sure. um. uh. well. we'll
need four floral arrangements
and then. uh. two bouquets...
one for me and one
for my maid of honor.
Will you want corsages for the
mothers of the bride and groom?
No. we won't need those.
And what about you?
Will you want boutonnieres for
yourself and your groomsmen?
-Mm. no.
-Oh. no. no.
I'm not the groom.
Yeah. he's the.
he's the brother of the groom.
We have a 5.000 minimum
spend for weddings.
Five... $5.000?
I can assure you. our
prices are competitive.
Mm-hmm. Um. can you just
give us like two seconds?
Okay. what if. what if you...
what if you just use
my mom's hydrangeas?
They're at least as nice
as whatever she's got.
maybe nicer. and
they're not $5.000.
Okay. yeah.
-Is that okay?
-Um. thanks for your time.
-Let's just get out of here.
-Thank you.
Aren't you going to try one?
Hmm? Oh.
Yeah. sure.
What?
Isabel Conklin's not
excited to eat a cupcake?
Who are you?
Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
Not bad.
Well?
Um. this one's 70% cacao.
that one is 80% cacao.
What's the difference?
Honestly. I have no idea.
I like milk chocolate.
Doesn't matter anyway.
'cause we can't afford
a cake from that place.
so I guess we'll just...
get a sheet cake
from Stop & Shop.
Okay. well... don't do that.
What if you...
what if you just
did one layer...
...said. "Fuck the
mirror glaze..."
...and you just get...
...regular milk
chocolate frosting.
That's got to be cheaper than whatever
fucking cacao bullshit they're selling.
And then. instead of
delivery. I'll pick it up.
Oh.
Hey. are you on the road?
Hey. Bells. um. n-no.
Uh. bad news.
I'm stuck at the office and I probably
won't get to Cousins until late.
Seriously?
I know. I know. I suck.
Jere. we were supposed
to go to Michaels today.
This weekend. I
pro... I promise.
This thing for my dad has
become a whole ordeal.
Um. their pre-Fourth
promotion ends today.
Well. I-I can't just leave.
I have good news.
Uh. I think we can still get
the cake from your
preferred bakery.
Great. the two-tier
mirror glaze?
Uh. slight change of plans.
How about a one-tier
chocolate cake
with milk chocolate
frosting. no cacao.
but you can still keep
the raspberry coulis.
Belly. cacao is the bean.
It's what chocolate is made of.
Look. the whole flavor profile depends
on the bitterness of the dark chocolate
and the sweet tartness
of the raspberry.
The cake is my one thing. and you
said each of us get one thing.
Yeah. yes. I know I said that. um.
but we-we just have to be realistic.
I mean. we can't.
we can't spend $750
on a cake.
Well. then I'll put it on a
card and pay it off later.
Jere...
-Hey.
-Hey. I got to go. okay?
I'm sure that it's killing
Jere not to be here.
I know that it's stupid to get
upset about not going to Michaels.
And I know that he's busting
his ass at your dad's company.
But I just...
I'm stuck here making all of these
decisions about things that I...
...don't really care about
and that we can't even afford.
Don't do it.
And I...
All that matters to me is making
this commitment to each other
in front of the
people that we love.
Well. most of them.
-Do not do it.
-I just feel like I'm...
...I'm carrying all of
this by myself. you know.
and I'm doing all of this alone.
Then. fuck it. we're
going to Michaels.
Seriously?
I thought you said
you had to go home.
Yeah.
The roof will be there tomorrow.
and these coupons expire.
Let's go. let's pillage
corporate America.
Okay. Okay.
I'm so fucked.
Can't believe
nobody caught this.
These numbers don't match their
initial earnings report they gave us.
So they lied about
their earnings?
I'm gonna have accounting
do a more forensic analysis.
but this is not good.
Do you want me to call the
accounting team now? I can.
No. everybody's off on holiday.
I'll. uh. get 'em up
to speed on Monday.
Good work. son.
Now go ahead and take off.
I know Belly's waiting
for you in Cousins.
Hopefully. she's not
too pissed off at me.
You know. you're really
impressing me these days.
Here at work and at home.
You cook. you keep your
part of the loft clean.
Belly's a lucky girl.
Uh. thanks. Dad. your-your
opinion means a lot to me.
Listen.
I know Laurel's not
happy about the wedding.
but if you're dead set on it...
you and Belly have my support.
What. for...?
Than... Thanks. Dad.
Yeah. let's have it at the club.
I'll finally get my money's
worth on that membership.
Uh. yeah. a-actually. Belly was kind of
thinking about having it at the house.
No. no. I'm paying for this now.
so you don't have to
have it there anymore.
I'm sure she'll be thrilled.
Yeah. yeah. um...
I don't know what to say.
You've been through a lot.
and you guys
deserve to be happy.
We all do.
Thanks.
Uh. I'll get this filed into
the report before I head out.
Good man.
♪ Don't you call him "baby..."
So. the GRE?
What about it?
I. uh. saw you had a prep book.
And I remember last Christmas
you were talking about maybe going to
grad school for psychology or something.
Have you figured out what
you want to focus on?
Um. sports psychology.
Oh. wow.
Yeah.
Kind of came to it
in a roundabout way.
Last year. when I hurt my knee
and had to quit the team...
Mm-hmm.
...my coach had me talk
to the team psychologist.
It really helped. and I thought
maybe this is something I want to do.
That's awesome.
♪ Noticed that...
How's your knee doing?
It's good. Better.
♪ In how I dress ♪
♪ Take it as a compliment...
I also have. uh. started
seeing a therapist.
He's been helping me
manage the panic attacks.
Wow. that's. that's
huge. that's great.
You just. you just seem like you
got. you got everything figured out.
You know. your life in
California. your career.
You're just all grown up.
You know. you've
changed a lot. too.
-Have I?
-Yeah.
How?
Well. for one. you're
not a bad driver anymore.
I actually was
never a bad driver.
That's wrong.
♪ I ♪
♪ I just miss...
Uh. you wear heels now.
You were wearing heels
at the dedication.
I'm a real lady now.
Mm-hmm.
Still bite your nails. though.
You don't miss a thing.
♪ Does he take you walking
round his parents' gallery? ♪♪
Yes.
Oh. come on.
Playing a game or something?
Mm. none of your business.
Hmm.
I'll show you mine
if you show me yours.
That's not...
Sorry. I didn't. uh.
mean that that...
Deal.
De... Okay. yeah. yeah.
There you go. Here we go.
My God.
What the fuck is this. a bee
simulator? You're such a nerd.
-Well. it takes one to know one.
-Yeah.
What. did you rip
this off Steam?
-The graphics are really good.
-Actually. I made it.
You made this?
Yeah. Yeah. it was. uh. it was
my senior thesis. actually.
It was just. you know. I was just
kind of messing around with it again
after the accident. Um...
I don't know. It's
just like making...
something out of nothing.
It's. uh. different. you know?
Yeah. Yeah. actually. I do.
Okay. these hurricane
vases are both on sale.
Which do you like more?
Big one or medium?
Big ones. I guess.
Okay. great. That's the one I
was gonna pick. too! Perfect.
For a second. I-I forgot it's
not me who's marrying her.
Hey. how long do you think
this is going to take?
Uh...
Not... not long.
Um. I'm sorry that you're
stuck doing this with me.
-I know it's lame.
-No. no. it's not.
It's not... that lame.
Uh. well. we can just be done
and go pay for the stuff.
Well. no. I mean. we came all this way.
and. uh. there's this big sale going on.
so let's just take a lap.
let's see what's going on.
Okay.
Like. look at all these little
fake flowers and the garlands.
They're kind of nice.
Actually. these are really
sweet. maybe for the porch?
Are you... Oh. you're serious?
-Yeah?
-Uh. yeah. I mean. you know what?
They're... they're
all right. right?
Not great. but all right.
Yeah. well. they're
$8.99. and 20% off sale.
Yeah. Okay. I mean. who needs
Hawaiian orchids anyway. right?
That's what I'm saying.
All right. Maybe
some sunflowers.
-You can't go wrong.
-Let's see. These here.
♪ I swore ♪
-♪ I swore I would be true ♪
-Pretty.
-♪ And. honey. so did you ♪
-Right?
♪ So why were you
holding her hand? ♪
-♪ Is just the way you stand? ♪
-All right.
♪ Were you lying all the time? ♪
Okay. this is working.
This is good.
-♪ I'm in so deep ♪
-I got this.
♪ You know I'm such
a fool for you ♪
♪ You've got me wrapped
around your finger ♪
♪ Do you have to
let it linger? ♪
♪ Do you have to. do you have to.
do you have to let it linger? ♪♪
-Thanks for doing this with me today.
-Mm-hmm.
I'm really glad that you
decided to take the summer off
and stay in Cousins.
For as long as I've known her.
I've struggled with looking
weak in front of Belly.
When we were kids. my mom would say
she looked at me like I hung the Moon.
It was dumb. but I tried
to be that person for her.
Maybe that was my mistake.
Uh. um...
I-I didn't just decide to...
to take a break this summer.
I got fired.
What?
Yeah.
The day that Steven
got in his accident.
I-I couldn't focus.
and I fucked up.
Oh. no. Oh. my God.
Should I not have told
Taylor to call you that day?
No. no. it's...
I'm glad you did.
And you were right to.
And Dr. Namazy was
right to fire me.
♪ I'll never be cold...
You know nobody's
perfect. right?
Not even you.
Trust me. I know.
♪ I'm with you...
That day at work.
I was so scared
that I was gonna fuck up.
And then I did.
♪ Songbirds...
Who knows. Maybe I'm not cut
out to be a doctor anyways.
♪ They know the score...
Maybe not.
♪ And I love you. I love you...
Or maybe you need to just knuckle up
and stop being such a little bitch.
Seriously. there's a world
where getting fired is...
was the best thing
to happen to you.
I don't know about that.
Well. Jere told me
your advisor said
that most first years take the
summer off before coming back anyway.
-Yeah. well. I was...
-Yeah. so. then.
you are right where
you're supposed to be.
You're going to make
mistakes sometimes.
It's just part of being alive.
♪ And I wish you all the...
And you don't have to be
the hero all the time.
You know. you and your therapist
should tackle that next.
Your hero complex.
I don't have a hero complex.
All right. maybe I'll...
spend some time on that.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe I'll surprise everyone.
Maybe I'll be a med-school dropout.
Oh. Oh. please.
One day. you'll be running the
oncology department at Mass General.
Honestly. I don't know if I
want to come back to Boston.
Do you love it in
California that much?
No. I love how far away it is.
Yeah. It's fine. I like it.
What was it like moving so far
away and just starting over fresh?
Um...
It was scary.
It was lonely. at... times.
But...
I'll never forget the first time
that I watched the sun
set over the Pacific.
I thought it was so strange.
It felt strange to be
looking west instead of east.
Like I was on another planet.
Like... anything was possible.
I've never had an
experience like that.
I've never...
...been... away
from home. really.
You can do it.
For a minute. I thought I
might study abroad in Paris.
Well. it's still gonna be
there when you finish school.
Yeah.
Maybe Jere and I can go on
our honeymoon next summer.
I'm starving.
Should we stop somewhere
and get something to eat?
-Uh. I defrosted some chicken.
-Chicken. Yes.
I know. I saw.
You want to stop?
No. it's fine. We
already passed it.
Okay.
You gonna have one?
-I'm allergic to peaches.
-What? Since when?
I've definitely seen
you eat a peach before.
-Peach pie. at least.
-Since always.
I mean. I've had 'em before.
but they make my mouth itchy.
Okay. Your loss.
Oh. my God.
♪ Childhood living ♪
♪ is easy to do ♪
♪ The things you wanted...
That is a perfect peach.
Oh. my God.
I don't want to eat another one. 'cause
there's no way that it can be this good.
Let's test that.
♪ Graceless lady...
Okay.
All right.
♪ Who I am...
Was it as good?
Yeah. It was.
♪ Slide through my hands ♪
♪ Wild horses ♪
♪ Couldn't drag me away ♪
♪ Couldn't drag me away ♪♪
I'm gonna get a
couple more for Jere.
-Hmm?
-Mm.
-I'll just go wait for you in the car.
-Mm-hmm.
Whatever I thought was happening
here was only in my head.
She and Jere.
that's the reality.
Ooh. ooh.
-Little monster. My God.
-Jump on the spider.
-Okay. no. I'm trying to.
-Do it.
-Ooh. yes. Cool.
-Yeah. right. right. right?
Yeah. No. that's
actually really dope.
Wait. what?
Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Uh. sorry. I'm sorry.
No. you're fine.
It looks like the StarcadeX
deal is on thin ice.
Holy shit.
-Pretty boy actually caught this?
-"Pretty boy"?
-He's smarter than he looks.
-Oh. well.
even a broken clock is
right twice a day. so...
Wow. I knew... I knew this.
They were so shady. Oh. my God.
Okay. "we" knew this. "We."
Hello?
-Yes. yes. yes.
-Yes.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
-You're right. absolutely.
-Yes.
-"We."
-Next stop coming up.
In a few moments. we'll be in
New York City. Penn Station.
Um...
So. I'm going to the
Northeast Gaming Conference.
I assume that you are
also headed there?
What gave it away? Hmm?
Was it my-my lethal programming
skills? That was really...
Yeah. Yeah. that and fact that I've
been staring at your phone notifications
for the past
several hours. so...
You're looking
for an out. right?
No more Breaker?
Don't mock me or anything...
I won't.
Um...
I almost died two weeks ago.
So now I'm wondering why I'm
wasting my time doing something...
...that doesn't serve me.
You know?
Yeah.
Yeah. I feel you.
I worked my ass off to get here.
You know. I'm the first person
in my family to go to college.
It's like this is what I
have been working towards.
and I f... I hate it.
You know why?
'Cause it's not enough.
I could be doing so much more.
Now arriving New York
City. Penn Station.
This is the last
and final stop...
Well...
Oh. um...
...a complete stop.
Once again. this is
the last and final stop
on this train.
So. you. um...
You want to split a
cab to Javits Center?
Yeah.
-I-I would love that. Yeah.
-Cool.
Come on.
I almost blew it today.
I never should have let
myself get that close.
But... it's not happening again.
I'm going to bed.
It's such a nice night.
Hey. are you still hungry?
Yeah.
Yeah. I could eat.
Hey...
can I ask you something?
Fuck.
Yeah.
Do you eat...
anything other than
grilled chicken?
No.
It's literally the only
thing I know how to cook.
Okay. well. if you're gonna
eat that much chicken.
you have to at least
let me season it.
-I season it.
-I absolutely don't believe you.
And no more
quinoa-on-the-side. okay?
What's wrong with quinoa?
Tonight. we're doing fries.
-Yes. Chef.
-Okay?
Good. Okay.
-I'm wearing an apron. then.
-Let's get started.
♪ We were born...
Oh. boy.
Whoa.
Behind.
-You got to say it.
-You don't say "behind" if I'm behind you.
-Yeah. but you have to say it.
-You've never seen. like. a cooking show?
♪ 'Ere the bonnie
boat was won...
Whatever. Okay. Go
grab the olive oil.
-Olive oil.
-Good job.
And you're handling the chicken.
-Catch.
-And salt and pepper. at least...
♪ Hark now. hear
the sailors cry...
You do it.
♪ Smell the sea
and feel the sky...
♪ Let your soul
and spirit fly...
-Wow.
-For one orchid.
♪ Into the mystic...
-For one... some flower.
-Right.
Ooh. Oh!
No. that's crazy.
♪ When that fog horn blows...
-Yeah. I don't know.
-That's crazy.
That was mean. dude. I'm sorry.
-Oh. but you...
-And she was like...
-"$5.000..."
-No. no. no. You ruined it.
-What did I do?
-You totally blew it.
-How did I blow it?
-"Oh. my Mom had peonies in her bouquet."
What? I didn't...
Okay. first of all...
"Wedding. it's a wedding."
Excuse me for
remembering... Fuck you.
-Stop.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
It's totally killing you
not to clean that up.
Clean what up?
The wine that I spilled.
You just want to
wipe it up so bad.
I didn't even notice.
Whoa. Whoa.
Well. well. well. got a...
got all chill in California.
Yeah. I really
mellowed out. huh?
Remember. remember earlier
when you were like...
"Garlands"?
-You're so mean...
-"Garland..."
That's a great impress...
How am I supposed to know?
I've never taken a botany class.
-I study medicine.
-Conrad. Conrad.
Oh. my... Conrad.
Hold on a second.
those fake flowers
-that you picked out...
-Mm-hmm?
...look exactly like the ones
in the guest bedroom at my house
that I was always begging
my mom to throw out.
Oh. fuck.
-Yeah. they did.
-I know.
I know.
Oh. I remember that.
It was four years
ago last March.
the last time I was
at Belly's house...
...before we broke up.
Things were getting
bad with my mom.
They refused to
tell us. but I knew.
And I couldn't talk about it.
because that would make it true.
What are you doing here?
Belly. you can't be in here.
your mom will freak out.
Okay. then just be quiet
so she doesn't hear.
That was quiet?
What are you doing?
-It's cold.
-Get in.
-You good?
-Yeah.
Hey. don't worry about prom.
I'm gonna take
care of everything.
I'm excited.
I know.
Hey. Susannah's gonna be fine.
I know it.
Back then. Belly still had faith
that if you were a good person.
bad things wouldn't
happen to you.
I wanted to talk to her that night.
to tell her what was going on.
but I didn't want to ruin the part of her
that believed everything would be fine.
I'm okay.
I'm better with you here.
I wanted her to
keep that forever.
♪ If I was the sun ♪
♪ Way up there ♪
♪ I'd go with love
most everywhere ♪
♪ I'll be the moon when
the sun goes down ♪
♪ Just to let you know
that I'm still around ♪
♪ That's how strong
my love is. whoa ♪
my love is...
Conrad.
♪ That's how strong my
love is. baby. baby ♪
♪ That's how strong my love is ♪
♪ I'll be the weeping
willow drowning ♪
♪ in my tears ♪
♪ And you can go swimming
when you are here ♪
♪ And I'll be the rainbow
after the tears are gone ♪
♪ Wrap you in my colors
and keep you warm ♪
♪ That's how strong my love is ♪
♪ Darling ♪
♪ That's how strong
my love is. baby ♪
my love is. whoa ♪
♪ That's how strong my love is ♪
♪ I'll be the ocean
so deep and wide ♪
♪ And catch all the tears
whenever you cry. now ♪
♪ I'll be the breeze
after the storm is gone ♪
♪ To dry your eyes and
love you all over...
That night.
that was the last time we
were ever together like that.
What if I hadn't fucked
it up four years ago?
What if I hadn't pushed
her away like I always do?
How many times would we have eaten
dinner together just like this?
Honey. I'm home!
Jere. you made it!
Mm.
Wow. You're in a good mood.
Oh. you guys cooked?
Yeah. Are you hungry?
I can make you a plate.
Cute. I just kind
of want to eat you.
-There's not really any left. either.
-Oh. shoot.
-Uh. but we got... we got peaches!
-Uh-huh.
Uh. do you have
any strawberries?
-I'm not really in a peach mood.
-No. man.
No worries. Ah. Uh...
Bells. I-I told you I'd take
you to Michaels tomorrow.
Oh. no. it's cool. Conrad took
me. and. um. we used the coupons.
Wow. Wow. man.
You are the best co-best man.
And you can have some of
my food. too. if you want.
Ah. no. you know what? I
will just share with Bells.
Ooh. I can't wait for the fries.
No. no. do not take
my fries. you thief.
You can have the chicken.
How was work?
Uh. in-incredible. Yeah. Yeah.
Everyone. um. they all took
off for the holiday weekend.
and so. it was... it was on
me to finish up this report
on a company that we were
gonna do a deal with.
and I caught them being
shady with their numbers.
-Wow!
-Yeah.
-Ah!
-Yeah. Dad was super impressed.
And he actually told
me before I left.
he's in...
for the wedding.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
-Oh. my God. That's amazing!
-Congrats. dude.
Thanks. man.
Uh. I'm gonna shower. but...
Okay. but don't take too long
'cause they're probably gonna.
uh. light fireworks tonight.
-Yes.
-Yeah.
I would rather have someone
shoot me in the head with
a nail gun repeatedly
than have to watch him touching
her like that all night.
And I hate myself for it.
Thank you.
You have no idea how much
I've missed you all week.
-Mmm.
-I can't believe your dad's in.
-Hmm.
I mean. maybe when
my mom hears...
Yes. I was... I was kind
of hoping the same thing.
Hmm.
He also said he's
gonna pay for it.
Whoa.
Well. what's wrong? I kind
of thought you'd be pumped.
No. it's great.
Uh. I just thought that we
were gonna do this on our own.
Yeah. we're still gonna do
everything that we want to do.
He's just gonna pay for it.
So he's cool with us doing
it at the house. then?
Uh. he actually wants
to do it at the club
and just invite some
people from Breaker.
The... the people
who work for him?
Yeah. Yeah. just
some of the partners.
some associates and a...
and a client or two.
Jere. w-we don't even
know those people.
I've been working
with them all summer.
You know. inviting
business associates.
it's kind of. like. what you
do in the corporate world.
Okay. but our wedding is not
about your dad's business.
It's about us.
We don't have to do it
if you don't want to.
I was just happy when he offered
because it felt like he was
actually trying with me.
Of course. Of
course we'll do it.
Yeah.
And. when I think about it...
...it's the kind of wedding
that your mom would have wanted.
Mm. Yeah. it is.
And-and my dad said that
his secretary Kayleigh
will help with the planning.
-She lives for that kind of stuff.
-Hmm.
And. that way. you can
quit your phone-banking job
and. um. focus on the GREs.
Yeah. that does sound nice.
Yeah.
And I can. um. start looking
at apartments for us. too.
-Hmm.
-Who even knows what's left out there.
but...
Yeah. and-and now you can come visit
me at my dad's and it won't be weird.
And you won't have to be
stuck here with my brother.
Maybe I can come back with
you on Monday. and. uh...
stay for a couple nights?
Yeah. Yeah.
I have a surprise for you.
What?
My wedding gift to you.
-Our first dance song.
-Are you serious?
You said you hated
this idea for weeks.
Yeah. but I love you. so...
♪ That Pierre did truly
love the mademoiselle ♪
♪ And now the young
monsieur and madame ♪
♪ Have rung the chapel bell ♪
♪ "C'est la vie". say the old folks.
it goes to show you never can tell ♪
♪ They furnished off an apartment
with a two room Roebuck sale ♪
♪ The cooler at or was crammed
with TV dinners and ginger ale ♪
♪ But when Pierre found work. the
little money coming worked out well ♪♪
Today I slipped up.
But it can't happen again.
Because the promises you make on
your mother's deathbed are absolute.
They're titanium.
Where's Jere Bear?
He went out to get
something to eat. I could...
Do you want me to go find him?
Let's sit just the two
of us for a minute.
Me and my big baby. Come here.
I want to look at
my beautiful boy.
Look at you.
Did you know. when
you were born.
I was so convinced that you were
the most perfect baby to ever exist.
I looked into baby
modeling agencies.
It felt wasteful to deprive
the world of your beauty.
Only to later look
at your baby pictures
and realize you
actually looked like...
...like a little alien.
Yeah. Jere was
always the cute one.
And he knew it.
-Mm-hmm.
-He was working it from the start.
You want me to get
Jere? I can go find him.
Stay with me.
I want you to know. Connie...
I'm not scared to go.
I'm not scared 'cause...
I know you'll be okay.
And I know Jeremiah is gonna be
okay. too. because he has you.
He's the luckiest boy in the world
to have you as a big brother.
Mom...
-I'm not that great a big brother.
-Yes. you are.
You always looked out for him.
And you always will.
-won't you. Connie?
-Yeah. of course.
-Thank you.
-Of course. I promise.
I love you.
Mom...
I'm not ready.
I kept my word.
I did it the best way
I could. By leaving.
I might have been a
fuck up and a failure
and a disappointment.
but I was never a liar.
I didn't mean it.
♪ Then come back home...
What I said earlier.
I didn't mean it.
I still want you.
Of course I do.
That night in the
motel. I couldn't sleep.
I went over and
over it in my head.
The promise I made to my mom.
to always take care of Jere.
I just want you to know
that. whatever I said.
I didn't mean it.
We're cool.
We're friends.
I did lie to Belly. though.
Just that one time.
What if I hadn't?
Maybe it would all
be different now.
But it doesn't matter.
This is the way
it's supposed to be.
He can give her all the
things that I can't.
She deserves that.
She deserves the world.
♪ But now I find my
love has gone away ♪
♪ Why didn't you stay ♪♪